{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg949\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red193\green193\blue193;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c80000\c80000\c80000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23520\viewh9320\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1.\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 A) I used two relational expressions. (== and <=)\
First, the English characters that determine the type of coffee and add cream are lowercase and uppercase. I use uppercase == lowercase to indicate this. Also, I use <= to make the range of daily servings.\
\
b) I used two relational expressions. (|| and &&)\
There are lowercase and uppercase letters that determine the type of coffee and add cream. For example, when I type to make an input,  A capital L and a lowercase l are used interchangeably. In this case, I use || to make a light coffee result, even if I type either character.  And daily serving has the number of servings. For example, for 1 to 4 servings, I need to use && because the number must be greater than 1 and less than 4.\
\
2.\
Using DeMorgan's law, it can be expressed as (A \uc0\u8745  B)C. This is because Product-1 and -3 have the same ID and they are not unique. \
Without using DeMorgan's rule, it can write (Product3_Id != Product1_Id && Product3_Id != Product2_Id).\
In P1, I used relational expressions and logical expressions to express the logic: (Product3_Id == Product1_Id && Product3_Id == Product2_Id)\
\
3.\
1. When I declare a variable inside the code, it is necessary to write exactly what it is. I need to write down the coffee type, not just type, so that I can modify it later. \
2. If you want to add more variables, write each additional number "in order". For example, coffee_type3 should not be followed by coffee_type90. When I declare all variables, it should be written in order.(ex-Coffee_type1, Coffee_type_2\'85etc)}